Field	Description	Notes
# Shared by all records ( https://wiki-ext.aps.anl.gov/epics/index.php/RRM_3-14_dbCommon )
ACKS	Alarm Acknowledge Severity	Highest severity unacknowledged alarm
ACKT	Alarm Acknowledge Transient	Is it necessary to acknowledge transient alarms?
ASG	Access Security Group	"A character string value defining the access security group for this record. If left NULL, the record is placed in group DEFAULT."
ASP	Access Security Private	
BKPT	BreakPoint	"Holds a pointer to the breakpoint table specified in LINR, if any."
DESC	Description	An arbitrary 40 character record description supplied by the application developer.
DISA	Scan Disable Input Link Value	"This is the value that is compared with DISV to determine if the record is disabled. Its value is obtained via SDIS if SDIS is a database or channel access link. If SDIS is not a database or channel access link, then DISA can be set via dbPutField or dbPutLink."
DISP	Disable putFields	"If this field is set to TRUE, then all dbPutFields (normally issued by channel access) directed to this record are ignored except to the field DISP itself."
DISS	Disable Alarm Severity	"When this record is disabled, it will be put into alarm with this severity and a status of DISABLE_ALARM."
DISV	Disable Value	"If DISV=DISA, then the record will be disabled, i.e. dbProcess will not process the record."
DPVT	Device Private	This field is for private use of the device support modules.
DSET	Address of Device Support Entry Table	This address of the device support entry table for this record. The value of this field is determined at IOC initialization time. Record support routines use this field to locate their device support routines.
DTYP	Device Type	"This field specifies the device type for the record. Each record type has its own set of device support routines which are specified in devSup.ASCII. If a record type does not have any associated device support, DTYP and DSET are meaningless."
EVNT	Event Number	Event number for scan type SCAN_EVENT. All records with scan type event and the same EVNT value will be processed when a call to post_event for EVNT is made. The call to post_event is: post_event(short event_number)
FLNK	Forward Link	"This field is a database link. If FLNK is specified, processing this record will force a processing of the scan passive forward link record."
LCNT	Lock Count	"The number of times in succession dbProcess finds the record active, i.e. PACT is TRUE. If dbProcess finds the record active MAX_LOCK (currently set to 10) times in succession, it raises a SCAN_ALARM."
LSET	Lock Set	"The lock set to which this record belongs. All records linked in any way via input, output, or forward database links belong to the same lock set. Lock sets are determined at IOC initialization time, and are updated whenever a database link is added, removed or altered."
MLIS	Monitor List	"This is the head of the list of monitors connected to this record. Each record support module is responsible for triggering monitors for any fields that change as a result of record processing. Monitors are present if mlis count is greater than zero. The call to trigger monitors is: db_post_event(precord,&data,mask), where ""mask"" is some combination of DBE_ALARM, DBE_VALUE, and DBE_LOG."
MLOK	Monitor Lock	"The lock used by the monitor routines when the monitor list is being used. The list is locked whenever monitors are being scheduled, invoked, or when monitors are being added to or removed from the list. This field is accessed only by the dbEvent routines."
NAME	Record Name	"A 60 character record name supplied by the application developer. This name is the means of identifying a specific record. It must have a unique value across all IOCs attached to the same local area subnet, and should use only this limited set of characters: a-z A-Z 0-9 _ - : [ ] < > ;"
NSEV	New Alarm Severity	"These four fields are the alarm status and severity fields. STAT and SEVR are the values seen outside database access. NSTA and NSEV are the fields the database access, record support, and device support use to set new alarm status and severity values. Whenever any software component discovers an alarm condition, it uses the following macro function: recGblSetSevr(precord,new_status,new_severity) This ensures that the current alarm severity is set equal to the highest outstanding alarm. The file alarm.h defines all allowed alarm status and severity values."
NSTA	New Alarm Status	"These four fields are the alarm status and severity fields. STAT and SEVR are the values seen outside database access. NSTA and NSEV are the fields the database access, record support, and device support use to set new alarm status and severity values. Whenever any software component discovers an alarm condition, it uses the following macro function: recGblSetSevr(precord,new_status,new_severity) This ensures that the current alarm severity is set equal to the highest outstanding alarm. The file alarm.h defines all allowed alarm status and severity values."
PACT	Processing Active	"See Application Developers Guide for details on usage. PACT is TRUE while the record is being processed. For asynchronous records PACT can be TRUE from the time record processing is started until the asynchronous completion occurs. As long as PACT is TRUE, dbProcess will not call the record processing routine."
PHAS	Scan Phase Number	This field orders the records within a specific SCAN group. This is not meaningful for passive records. All records of a specified phase are processed before those with higher phase number. Whenever possible it is better to use linked passive records to enforce the order of processing rather than phase number.
PINI	Process at Initialization	"If this field is set to YES during database configuration, then the record is processed once at IOC initialization (before the normal scan tasks are started)."
PPN	Address of putNotify	Address of putNotify callback.
PPNR	Next Record for putNotify	Next record for PutNotify.
PRIO	Priority	Scheduling priority for processing I/O Event scanned records and asynchronous record completion tasks.
PROC	Process Record	A record will be processed whenever a dbPutField is directed to this field.
PUTF	dbPutField Process	Did dbPutField cause the current record processing?
RDES	Address of dbRecordType	
RPRO	Reprocess	Reprocess record when current processing completes.
RSET	Address of Record Support Entry Table	See Application Developers Guide for details on usage.
SCAN	Scanning Rate	"This can be one of the periodic intervals (.1 second, .2 second, .5 second, 1 second, 2 second, 5 second, 10 second, I/O Intr, Event, or Passive."
SDIS	Scan Disable Input Link	"An input link from which to obtain a value for DISA. This field is ignored unless it is a database link or a channel access link. If it is a database or a channel access link, dbProcess calls dbGetLink to obtain a value for DISA before deciding to call the processing routine."
SEVR	Current Alarm Severity	"These four fields are the alarm status and severity fields. STAT and SEVR are the values seen outside database access. NSTA and NSEV are the fields the database access, record support, and device support use to set new alarm status and severity values. Whenever any software component discovers an alarm condition, it uses the following macro function: recGblSetSevr(precord,new_status,new_severity) This ensures that the current alarm severity is set equal to the highest outstanding alarm. The file alarm.h defines all allowed alarm status and severity values."
SPVT	Scan Private	This field is for private use of the scanning system.
TIME	Time	"The time when this record was last processed, in standard format."
TPRO	Trace Processing	"If this field is set TRUE, a message is printed each time this record is processed and a message is printed for each record processed as a result of this record being processed"
TSEL	Time Stamp Event Link	"An input link for obtaining the time stamp. If this link references the .TIME field of a record then the time stamp of the referenced record becomes the time stamp for this record as well. In this case, an internal flag is set and "".TIME"" is then overwritten by "".VAL"". If any other field is referenced, the field value is read and stored in the .TSE field which is then used to acquire a timestamp."
TSE	Time Stamp Event	This indicates the mechanism to use to get the time stamp. '0' - call get time as before '-1' - call the time stamp driver and use the best source available. '-2' - the device support provides the time stamp from the hardware. Values between 1-255 request the time of the last occurance of a generalTime event.
UDF	VAL Undefined	"This indicates that the record has never been processed or its value is UnDeFined. Typically this is caused by a failure in device support, a record that has never been processed, or where the VAL field currently contains a NaN (not a number). UDF is initialized to TRUE at IOC initialization. Record and device support routines which write to the VAL field are responsible for setting UDF."
